add Infrastructure Lifecycle WG website content (#751)
cncf/tag-app-delivery: website/content/en/wgs/infra-lifecycle/_index.md

---
title: Infrastructure Lifecycle Working Group
list_pages: true
---

> The [charter](./charter/charter.md) describes the goals and activites of this group.

Reviewer: In the deploy preview I get a 404 for the charter. It looks like the `charter.md` is not needed.

This is the link that fails: https://deploy-preview-751--tag-app-delivery.netlify.app/wgs/infra-lifecycle/charter/charter.md

```suggestion
The [charter](./charter) describes the goals and activities of this group.
```

Author: Fixed, ty!
